TELCODOCS-1891: Add content to support the cluster-compare plugin GA (#85563)
openshift/openshift-docs: scalability_and_performance/cluster-compare/troubleshooting-cluster-comparisons.adoc

Author: Will investigate, thanks!

[id="troubleshooting-cc-false-positives_{context}"]
== Troubleshooting false positives for missing resources

The plugin might report a missing resource even though the cluster CR is present in the cluster.

.Procedure

. Ensure you are using the latest version of the `cluster-compare` plugin. See the section _Installing the cluster-compare plugin_.

. Ensure you are using the most up-to-date version of the reference configuration.

. Ensure that template has the same `apiVersion`, `kind`, `name`, and `namespace` fields as the cluster CR.

[id="troubleshooting-cc-multiple-matches_{context}"]
== Troubleshooting multiple template matches for the same CR

In some cases, more than one cluster CR can match a template because they feature the same `apiVersion`, `namespace`, and `kind`. The plugin's default matching compares the CR that features the least differences.

You can optionally configure your reference configuration to avoid this situation.

.Procedure

. Ensure the templates feature distinct `apiVersion`, `namespace`, and `kind` values to ensure no duplicate template matching.

> . Use a user configuration file to manually match a template to a CR. For more information, see _Performing advanced reference configuration customization_.

Reviewer: Would it be possible to provide a link to this section?

Author: Added links in an additional resources section

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="troubleshooting-cluster-comparisons"]
= Troubleshooting cluster comparisons
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: troubleshooting-cluster-comparisons

toc::[]

When using the `cluster-compare` plugin, you might see unexpected results, such as false positives or conflicts when multiple cluster custom resources (CRs) exist. 

[id="troubleshooting-cc-false-positives_{context}"]
== Troubleshooting false positives for missing resources

The plugin might report a missing resource even though the cluster CR is present in the cluster.

.Procedure

> . Ensure you are using the latest version of the `cluster-compare` plugin. See the section "Installing the cluster-compare plugin".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Ensure you are using the latest version of the `cluster-compare` plugin. For more information, see "Installing the cluster-compare plugin".
```
